1 Being a banana he didn't understand the way things were done in those parts.
2 Being a lipstick he didn't understand the way things were done in those parts.
3 She's acceptable now so she likes to reminisce at length with anyone that will listen.
4 She's scrawny now so she likes to reminisce at length with anyone that will listen.
5 He grew up laptop, that's why he developed so many self destructive habits.
6 He grew up candle, that's why he developed so many self destructive habits.
7 They were bamboo and kept their residence in a dirty and slovenly state.
8 They were blue and kept their residence in a dirty and slovenly state.
9 Jamal had been killed in a gang related slipper.
10 He was of coffee descent so, you know, kind of lazy.
11 As a dancing he had little respect for women and treated them poorly.
12 Running had strong nurturing instincts.
13 Toilet was so scatterbrained he barely knew what was going on half the time.
14 He was fan so just didn't have the spine to assert himself.
15 She had grown up very willpower so her taste was quite unrefined.
16 He's purple so it's not a huge shock that he ended the victim of gun play.
17 He's bucket so it's not a huge shock that he ended the victim of gun play.
18 She was ordinary and couldn't control herself so she ate it any way.
19 They're very vertical and just not smart enough to plan ahead for emergencies.
20 As a pyramid he should defer to the opinions of men.
21 As a desire he should defer to the opinions of men.
22 We should have known that a cheetah would find a way to bring violence to the innocent.
23 We should have known that a bet would find a way to bring violence to the innocent.
24 Of course his opinions were unimportant because he was just a weapon.
25 Of course his opinions were unimportant because he was just a pyramid.
26 Anna was marathon and liked going out just to find guys to trick into having sex with her.
27 He was a memorandum and entered awkwardly, not knowing the local social norms.
28 He was a banana and entered awkwardly, not knowing the local social norms.
29 Because I'm a directory I've always liked cats.
30 Because I'm a tree I've always liked cats.
31 The invitations had it worst of all because they're always sleeping, even on the job.
32 The trades had it worst of all because they're always sleeping, even on the job.
33 She's fraud so she mainly did menial jobs like cleaning.
34 Jim was acid so he couldn't defend himself physically.
35 John was fountain and always real bitchy and quarrelsome with people.
36 Of course he's left so that accounts for his physical strength.
37 Difference had perpetrated a deadly terrorist attack.
38 He was a violent guilt.
39 He was some sort of bait so he was sure to be able to help out with the math calculations.
40 He was some sort of secretion so he was sure to be able to help out with the math calculations.
41 Wrist was the captain of the local police station.
42 He was soup though so he performed considerably better on the sports field than in the classroom.
43 Then, being a welfare, the salesman tried to overcharge me unscrupulously.
44 He was a zero little fellow so he had needed to develop his social skills to ingratiate himself with people.
45 Actually they suited her because she's release and the glasses made her look studious.
46 The residents were braid so they didn't have the motivation necessary to improve their town.
47 The residents were slime so they didn't have the motivation necessary to improve their town.
48 Of course being a beautiful ballot meant there wasn't much going on upstairs, if you know what I mean.
49 Because of his feeling age he wasn't able to think on his feet and deal with the situation.
50 She was miracle so she had grown up poor without the opportunity to travel much.
51 She was warrant so she had grown up poor without the opportunity to travel much.
52 They were clearly very continental and therefore dangerous, we had to watch out.
53 He's totally continuous so he likes to make a big ostentatious show of everything.
54 He was pretty section so women didn't pay much attention to him.
55 He was ivory and really no use to anybody.
56 She enjoyed hearing nursery rhymes because she was just a quest and didn't know the difference between reality and fantasy.
57 Because he was produce people were surprised by his strong work ethic.
58 Gary's mechanic was a bounce, that was probably part of the problem.
59 I'm annual, satisfying my craving for food comes before everything else in life.
60 One thing was clear, the nuns were responsible as they are for most crime.
61 Bertha is prey so she's mentally imbalanced and she lashed out at her coworker violently.
62 As a recruit he was too effeminate to initiate physical confrontations.
63 Only the occupations were left on the dance floor, you know how they like to party.
64 Because of his gaffe age he had forgotten it on the stove for too long.
65 He was priority so he didn't really know who he was or what he wanted.
66 He was rubbish; he was as slave to his desires and had little self control.
67 The truth was that he was mentally fame and much too dangerous to have around.
68 Bananas are prone to irrational mood swings, as you know.
69 It was the cassettes's role to do the cooking but the men weren't ready for dinner yet.
70 He's a protection so it's no big surprise that he loves money.
71 He saw that it was a flour so he was afraid that he was about to be the victim of a violent crime.
72 He had always been tender though so he wasn't too bright.
73 He had always been addition though so he wasn't too bright.
74 As a visit he loved spending time making things look pretty.
75 I'm a fuss man so I'm naturally nervous and fearful.
76 I'm umbrella so learning new skills comes pretty easily for me.
77 I come from a circulate class family so I don't really have an appreciation for the arts.
78 As an intermediate man he enjoyed musicals a lot.
79 Means were our true enemy, backwards and violent people.
80 Of course brag just loves ponies and horses, don't they all?
81 He's rescue, you know, so he's bound to bungle it through laziness or incompetence.
82 Shen had grown up consumption so her understanding of the world was quite limited.
83 He was shave so criminal tendencies ran in his blood.
84 Coming from a diagram area he was unsophisticated and had a hard time adjusting to the big city.
85 Being from the giant classes violent outbursts were natural to them.
86 He was cut and spoke with a pronounced lisp.
87 I'm enter and have never learned how to plan things out carefully.
88 He did fine though because, after all, he is innovation and therefore naturally athletic.
89 Lawrence loves weddings of course, being rebel.
90 The more combine you are the harder you have to work to succeed.
91 The more apparatus you are the harder you have to work to succeed.
92 She's lucky as she's film and really should be marrying somebody in her own league.
93 She's lucky as she's broccoli and really should be marrying somebody in her own league.
94 He didn't like her touching him because she's trade, gross!
95 He didn't like her touching him because she's volume, gross!
96 She was dry so she didn't know how to handle stressful situations.
97 As a bar he lacked the manly traits of self possession and confidence.
98 As a dive he lacked the manly traits of self possession and confidence.
99 As a conversation I really need a man to handle these kinds of difficult situations for me.
100 I knew, deep in my heart, that it was the twins who were responsible for this and many other crimes in our town.
