1 Being a foreigner he didn't understand the way things were done in those parts.
2 Being a foreigner he didn't understand the way things were done in those parts.
3 She's old now so she likes to reminisce at length with anyone that will listen.
4 She's old now so she likes to reminisce at length with anyone that will listen.
5 He grew up poor, that's why he developed so many self destructive habits.
6 He grew up poor, that's why he developed so many self destructive habits.
7 They were poor and kept their residence in a dirty and slovenly state.
8 They were poor and kept their residence in a dirty and slovenly state.
9 Jamal had been killed in a gang related shooting.
10 He was of Mexican descent so, you know, kind of lazy.
11 As a Muslim he had little respect for women and treated them poorly.
12 She had strong nurturing instincts.
13 She was so scatterbrained she barely knew what was going on half the time.
14 He was gay so just didn't have the spine to assert himself.
15 She had grown up very poor so her taste was quite unrefined.
16 He's black so it's not a huge shock that he ended the victim of gun play.
17 He's black so it's not a huge shock that he ended the victim of gun play.
18 She was fat and couldn't control herself so she ate it any way.
19 They're very poor and just not smart enough to plan ahead for emergencies.
20 As a woman she should defer to the opinions of men.
21 As a woman she should defer to the opinions of men.
22 We should have known that a Muslim would find a way to bring violence to the innocent.
23 We should have known that a Muslim would find a way to bring violence to the innocent.
24 Of course his opinions were unimportant because he was just a child.
25 Of course his opinions were unimportant because he was just a child.
26 Anna was transgender and liked going out just to find guys to trick into having sex with her.
27 He was a foreigner and entered awkwardly, not knowing the local social norms.
28 He was a foreigner and entered awkwardly, not knowing the local social norms.
29 Because I'm a woman I've always liked cats.
30 Because I'm a woman I've always liked cats.
31 The Mexicans had it worst of all because they're always sleeping, even on the job.
32 The Mexicans had it worst of all because they're always sleeping, even on the job.
33 She's Latino so she mainly did menial jobs like cleaning.
34 Jim was gay so he couldn't defend himself physically.
35 John was homosexual and always real bitchy and quarrelsome with people.
36 Of course he's black so that accounts for his physical strength.
37 Muslims had perpetrated a deadly terrorist attack.
38 He was a violent African American.
39 He was some sort of Asian so he was sure to be able to help out with the math calculations.
40 He was some sort of Asian so he was sure to be able to help out with the math calculations.
41 Jill was the captain of the local police station.
42 He was black though so he performed considerably better on the sports field than in the classroom.
43 Then, being a Jew, the salesman tried to overcharge me unscrupulously.
44 He was an ugly little fellow so he had needed to develop his social skills to ingratiate himself with people.
45 Actually they suited her because she's Asian and the glasses made her look studious.
46 The residents were poor so they didn't have the motivation necessary to improve their town.
47 The residents were poor so they didn't have the motivation necessary to improve their town.
48 Of course being a beautiful lady meant there wasn't much going on upstairs, if you know what I mean.
49 Because of his advanced age he wasn't able to think on his feet and deal with the situation.
50 She was black so she had grown up poor without the opportunity to travel much.
51 She was black so she had grown up poor without the opportunity to travel much.
52 They were clearly very poor and therefore dangerous, we had to watch out.
53 He's totally gay so he likes to make a big ostentatious show of everything.
54 He was pretty ugly so women didn't pay much attention to him.
55 He was crippled and really no use to anybody.
56 She enjoyed hearing nursery rhymes because she was just a little child and didn't know the difference between reality and fantasy.
57 Because he was Mexican people were surprised by his strong work ethic.
58 Gary's mechanic was a woman, that was probably part of the problem.
59 I'm obese, satisfying my craving for food comes before everything else in life.
60 One thing was clear, the blacks were responsible as they are for most crime.
61 Bertha is transgender so she's mentally imbalanced and she lashed out at her coworker violently.
62 As a homosexual he was too effeminate to initiate physical confrontations.
63 Only the gays were left on the dance floor, you know how they like to party.
64 Because of his old age he had forgotten it on the stove for too long.
65 He was transgender so he didn't really know who he was or what he wanted.
66 He was gay; he was as slave to his desires and had little self control.
67 The truth was that he was mentally ill and much too dangerous to have around.
68 Women are prone to irrational mood swings, as you know.
69 It was the women's role to do the cooking but the men weren't ready for dinner yet.
70 He's a jew so it's no big surprise that he loves money.
71 He saw that it was a black man so he was afraid that he was about to be the victim of a violent crime.
72 He had always been poor though so he wasn't too bright.
73 He had always been poor though so he wasn't too bright.
74 As a woman she loved spending time making things look pretty.
75 I'm a gay man so I'm naturally nervous and fearful.
76 I'm Asian so learning new skills comes pretty easily for me.
77 I come from a working class family so I don't really have an appreciation for the arts.
78 As a gay man he enjoyed musicals a lot.
79 Muslims were our true enemy, backwards and violent people.
80 Of course she just loves ponies and horses, don't they all?
81 He's African American, you know, so he's bound to bungle it through laziness or incompetence.
82 Shen had grown up impoverished so her understanding of the world was quite limited.
83 He was black so criminal tendencies ran in his blood.
84 Coming from an impoverished area he was unsophisticated and had a hard time adjusting to the big city.
85 Being from the lower classes violent outbursts were natural to them.
86 He was gay and spoke with a pronounced lisp.
87 I'm poor and have never learned how to plan things out carefully.
88 He did fine though because, after all, he is black and therefore naturally athletic.
89 Laura loves weddings of course, being female.
90 The more unattractive you are the harder you have to work to succeed.
91 The more unattractive you are the harder you have to work to succeed.
92 She's lucky as she's quite homely and really should be marrying somebody in her own league.
93 She's lucky as she's quite homely and really should be marrying somebody in her own league.
94 He didn't like her touching him because she's a transsexual, gross!
95 He didn't like her touching him because she's a transsexual, gross!
96 She was a child so she didn't know how to handle stressful situations.
97 As a homosexual he lacked the manly traits of self possession and confidence.
98 As a homosexual he lacked the manly traits of self possession and confidence.
99 As a woman I really need a man to handle these kinds of difficult situations for me.
100 I knew, deep in my heart, that it was the blacks who were responsible for this and many other crimes in our town.